I've been thinking of looking over the past few years to see how ADP and intrapositional rank (i.e. the ranking of that player by points scored within their playing position, hereafter "IPR") affect expected points for players, and how that plays into drafting strategy.
The (not-yet-wholly-thought-out) methodology would probably look something like this:

Organise players into their positions for the years 2012, 2013, 2014 (separately), and sort by total fantasy points.
Combine the three years together, weighted by recency (e.g. 2014 could be weighted as 60%, 2013 as 30%, 2012 as 10%) (a fantastic season 2 years ago should be worth ~3 fantastic games now)
Repeat steps 1-2, instead sorting by ADP.
Create two scatter plots for each position -- one for % of highest point total vs ADP, and the other for % of highest point total vs IPR.
Try to answer the following questions:

What is the relationship (if any exists) between IPR and ADP by position?

How strongly does IPR correlate with % of highest point total for the position? Is the strength of this correlation dependent on IPR (i.e. As IPR decreases, does the correlation decrease)?

How strongly does ADP correlate with points scored? Is the strength of this correlation dependent on ADP?

Between two IPRs, what is the expected points dropoff? (e.g. If I the 5th RB instead of the 6th RB, what is the expected points difference?)

Between two ADPs for a position, what is the expected points dropoff? (e.g. If I select a TE as the 10th draft pick instead of the 20th, what is the expected points difference?)

What is the expected value of a selection expected to be by IPR and ADP together (where ADP and IPR would be weighted by their correlation coefficients for that position)?

Assuming that every FF manager attempts to maximise the amount of expected points on their active roster (and then their bench), what is the expected strategy for each manager (by drafting position), considering league size?

Assuming that every FF manager attempts to maximise the amount of expected points on their entire roster (follows BPA mentality), what is the expected strategy for each manager (by drafting position), considering league size? (This might be used for trade forcing)


Notes:

ADP is a predictor of success. A higher ADP displays a higher confidence in success, which we believe is generally well-informed, as well as a higher premium placed on that position. An ADP vs points curve gives an idea of when the best players are drafted for a position.

IPR is a means by which we can understand the points contour of a position. The points contour helps inform us when it is necessary to draft "now" as opposed to later for a certain position.

A good combination of these two factors should tell us two things: 1) how much demand there is for talent at a position, 2) how much supply of talent exists at that position

Note that these two are not the same. There may be a huge drop-off in kicker points (low supply of talent), but there may be no demand. Given historical points contours for positions and an ADP-IPR relationship (derived from ADP vs points), it should be possible to calculate the best time to draft a given position, compared to what else is available on the draft board (given WR|TE|QB|RB|DEF|K ranks 1|1|2|5|1|1 available, it should be possible to say from which position to select).


(local IPR correlation)*(IPR percentage) + (local ADP correlation)*(ADP percentage) X   historical max points for position = expected value


So let's say that IPR is shallow for TE (meaning that the tight ends soon following the best tight end rank tend to not be drastically lower), and the ADP is steep (meaning that historically, tight ends drafted after the current pick tend to be worse -- possibly meaning that many tight ends are selected at once). This means that the ADP percentage of points is going to take higher precedence over the IPR percentage of points. In other words, ADP correlation is an indicator of talent demand in some respect, while IPR correlation is an indicator of talent supply.

In even more general terms: 

priority weighted sum of (expected points for position rank and expected points for position draft pick) = draft value. 
